Fast adoption of digital innovations are unveiling emerging interactions in human-to-human communication. Intuitive and emotional behaviours should be a neccesary consideration in  domesticating new technologies. Example use cases could be: Mobile Devices, Digital Assistants, Bio-Trackers, Artifical Intelligence Chatbots, Virtual Reality Headsets, Mixed Reality Traning Systems, and more. Participatory approach to research, insights and design development would benefit from cultural diversity, thereby vastly more inclusive. Systems that are inclusive of the physical nuances of emotional expression would create stronger relationships since they would embody the full extent of emotions we can portray in our inter-personal relationships.

Presently in this space, you can find Guidance for Designing Emotionally Expressive Digital Communication, along with directions to reproduce Stage Guidances and Forms of Physicality. Additional resources accesible online are: digital communication user journey, ideas archive, case study films, podcast conversations.

**Stage Guidance** is a compilation of Design Suggestions and Performative Activities for each stage of the digital communication user journey. Stage Guidances offer guidance to the designers and developers without interfering in their creative agency. **Forms of Physicality** is a set of four performative objects used to prototype emotional interactions in Performative Activities directed by Stage Guidance. They are analog objects without any observable connotations, whose shapes are abstracted from existing devices.
